Updated README Instructions (#53)
clemsonMakerspace/unified-makerspace: cdk/README.md

You must now ensure that you are signed into AWS CLI:

Instructions for configuring AWS CLI:

-   https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html

In order to sign into your AWS account on the CLI, follow one of the 3 options below:

    1. Configure the AWS CLI to use AWS SSO. This will allow you to use the AWS CLI without having
    to manually navigate to the login page. To do this, follow the instructions in [this guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-sso.html#sso-using-profile). Keep in mind that if you go this route, in order

>     to get emporary credentials you will need ot run `aws sso login --profile your-profile-name` before each command.

Reviewer: Here's a suggestion to fix some minor typos:
```suggestion
    to get temporary credentials you will need to run `aws sso login --profile <your-profile-name>` before each command.
```

Also, are you sure you'll need to run `aws sso login --profile <your-profile-name>` before each command? I would expect that you should only have to run it once at the start of each session.

Reviewer: I've made a commit to fix this typo, but can you take a look at my previous question?

> are you sure you'll need to run aws sso login --profile <your-profile-name> before each command? I would expect that you should only have to run it once at the start of each session.

Author: So in my case I needed to run it before each command. Lemme mess with my `~/.aws/credentials` I think it might be because I also have a personal AWS Educate account on my computer, so that's how it handles the switching.

Author: Yep, that's a me thing. Do you think it'd be worth it to include instructions for if you are adding it as a second account (like if they already has an AWS Educate account)? I can modify it to include those directions then. @ophilli

Reviewer: It might be nice to have those instructions, but I wouldn't worry about it. No need to block this PR for that.

>     2. Export the credentials to your environment variables. To do this, follow the instructions above to log in

Reviewer: It doesn't look to me like there are any relevant instructions above? Can you double check this?

I see there used to be instructions in https://github.com/clemsonMakerspace/unified-makerspace/pull/53/commits/64985f7e38e3afdcd3b0c9747cefc8668c42b0ee but they were removed in https://github.com/clemsonMakerspace/unified-makerspace/pull/53/commits/825fd21936209b2d70ce83a72908d6635e58827c.

Author: Yeah that is from an earlier version. Thanks for pointing it out!

    to the AWS SSO page. From there, Click on "AWS Account" and select the tab for your dev account.
    It should say "dev-{your-clemson-username}". Lastly, select "Command line or programmatic access" on the row for "AdministratorAccess". Simply copy and paste what is in the option 1 box into your terminal, and the tokens should take effect.

>     3. Add the AWS account to your credentials file ~/.aws/credentials. This option is not reccomended because the credentials rotate every hour. Follow the same steps for option 2 to get access to the credentials for your dev account. From there, copy and paste the avlues in the option 2 box into `~/.aws/credentials` and the tokens should take effect.

Reviewer: Here's another lil typo suggestion:

```suggestion
    3. Add the AWS account to your credentials file ~/.aws/credentials. This option is not reccomended because the credentials rotate every hour. Follow the same steps for option 2 to get access to the credentials for your dev account. From there, copy and paste the values in the option 2 box into `~/.aws/credentials` and the tokens should take effect.
```
